Following are vaiables of tidy data set obtained at the end of analysis. activity and subject are integers. activityLabel is text. All other variable are numeric vaiables obtained from the average of each source variable for each activity and each subject. tidydata.Rd file contain more description of dataset. 

activity : int
subject : int
activityLabel : Factor
tBodyAcc-mean()-X : num
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y : num
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z : num
tBodyAcc-std()-X : num
tBodyAcc-std()-Y : num
tBodyAcc-std()-Z : num
tGravityAcc-mean()-X : num
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y : num
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z : num
tGravityAcc-std()-X : num
tGravityAcc-std()-Y : num
tGravityAcc-std()-Z : num
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X : num
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y : num
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z : num
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X : num
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y : num
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z : num
tBodyGyro-mean()-X : num
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y : num
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z : num
tBodyGyro-std()-X : num
tBodyGyro-std()-Y : num
tBodyGyro-std()-Z : num
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X : num
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y : num
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z : num
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X : num
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y : num
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z : num
tBodyAccMag-mean() : num
tBodyAccMag-std() : num
tGravityAccMag-mean() : num
tGravityAccMag-std() : num
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() : num
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() : num
tBodyGyroMag-mean() : num
tBodyGyroMag-std() : num
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() : num
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() : num
fBodyAcc-mean()-X : num
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y : num
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z : num
fBodyAcc-std()-X : num
fBodyAcc-std()-Y : num
fBodyAcc-std()-Z : num
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X : num
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y : num
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z : num
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X : num
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y : num
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z : num
fBodyGyro-mean()-X : num
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y : num
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z : num
fBodyGyro-std()-X : num
fBodyGyro-std()-Y : num
fBodyGyro-std()-Z : num
fBodyAccMag-mean() : num
fBodyAccMag-std() : num
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()  : num
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() : num
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() : num
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() : num
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() : num
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() : num
